SMS Starting Teacher Recruitment for 2020 Graduates 深圳中学 Shenzhen Middle School (SMS), founded in 1947, is the only Provincial Key High School in Shenzhen City. It is one of the first designated National Demonstrative High Schools in Guangdong Province and is accredited by the Ministry of Education as a Model School in Curriculum Reform. SMS has also been awarded the title of “National Civilized Campus”.With the goal of “striving for a world-class high school with Chinese characteristics”, Shenzhen Middle School is committed to cultivating top-notch innovative talent with a global perspective and a profound understanding of Chinese culture. Through the unremitting efforts and hard work of faculty and staff, SMS has made remarkable achievements.We Reach the Top in Gaokao:Since 2010, 282 students have been admitted to Tsinghua University and Peking University, ranking first in Guangdong Province. In 2019 alone, 30 students were admitted to Tsinghua University and Peking University, again ranking first in Guangdong Province.We Have Seen Extraordinary Success in Scholastic Competition:Our students have won 14 International Olympiad gold medals, three of which were achieved in 2018, ranking first in China. In 2019, eight students entered the National Training Team for the Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology and Informatics International Olympiad, ranking first in Guangdong Province. We Get Outstanding Admission Results to Oversea Universities:In 2019 alone, seven students were admitted to Ivy League universities and a further 91 students were admitted to top 30 universities (in the US News Ranking) and liberal arts colleges. An additional 26 students were admitted to G5 universities including both Oxford and Cambridge.We Strive to Develop Art Education:Our dancing, chorus, wind instrument and Chinese folk music groups have won numerous awards in art competitions at home and abroad.Our Principal:Dr. Zhu Huawei, principal of Shenzhen Middle School (Professor, Doctoral Supervisor, Expert who enjoys the special governmental allowances issued by the State Council, leader and head coach of the Chinese National Training Team for the 50th International Mathematics Olympiad), along with all teachers and staff, cordially invites you to join us.IPositionsTeaching jobs are available in the following subjects: Chinese, mathematics, English, physics, chemistry, biology, politics, history, geography, music, sports, fine arts, information technology, and psychology; as well as information technology competition coach.IIRequirements1. Candidates should be outstanding graduates with a full-time doctoral or master’s degree (graduating between September 1st, 2019 and October 31st, 2020).2. Candidates should be passionate about and committed to secondary school education.3. Candidates should value the pursuit of education as well as commit to understand, practice and share the education vision of Shenzhen Middle School.4. Candidates should possess a Teacher Qualification Certificate for senior high school, and be both physically and mentally healthy.IIIPay and benefitsShenzhen Middle School provides competitive salaries and other benefits (strong measures to ensure access to Shenzhen registered permanent residence, staff of government affiliated institutions and housing), as well as a platform to display your talents and realize your professional dreams in education.IVKind reminder1. The subject of the application email should include: the position being applied for, name, school, degree, major, and phone number.2. Other procedures shall be implemented in accordance with Notice of the Shenzhen Municipal Education Bureau and Shenzhen Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau on the Public Recruitment of Teachers in Shenzhen Public Schools for Graduates (Shenzhen [2018] No. 384).VRegistration1. Please submit your resume to[email protected] before October 10th, 2019.2. Person to Contact: Miss Li3. Contact Number: 0755-82155813附： （点击可查看）重磅！深圳中学2020届教师招聘强势启动微信：szzxgfwx