To Excellent Teachers : Shenzhen Middle School is Recruiting! 深圳中学 Founded in 1947, Shenzhen Middle School (SMS) is the only Provincial Key High School in Shenzhen. In 2004, SMS became one of the first National Demonstrative High Schools and was accredited by the Ministry of Education as a Model High School in Curriculum Reform in 2007. SMS was awarded the title of “National Civilized Campus” and “National Model School of Mental Health Education” in 2017 and “Special Contribution Award of Shenzhen Mayor Quality Prize” in 2019.As a middle school named after the city, Shenzhen Middle School adheres to the vision of “thriving to be the best, pursuing excellence.” Following the development of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone, SMS has made a large amount of exploration and practice in Innovative Talent Training, Academic Competition, Curriculum Reform, International Education, Art Education, STEM Education, School Culture and Social Service on its way to become the window and cultural card of Shenzhen Education.With the goal of “building a world-class high school with Chinese characteristics” put forward by Principal Zhu Huawei in 2017, Shenzhen Middle School is committed to cultivating top-notch innovative talents with a global perspective and a profound understanding of Chinese culture. To achieve this goal, SMS continues to promote curriculum reform and forms a curriculum mode of “one body and two wings” (with multiple courses as the “main body” and community activities as well as academic competitions as the “two wings”). In addition, SMS has integrated resources and built 19 Innovation Experience Centers and Innovation Laboratories in collaboration with Huawei, Tencent, DJI, Peking University, Tsinghua University and other prestigious enterprises and universities. SMS also invites well-known scholars at home and abroad to give lectures in “SMS Academic Forum.”Shenzhen Middle School strongly advocates and actively practices the principle of “letting excellent educators educate the next generation and cultivate more excellent talents.” At present, there are more than 80 teachers with a PhD degree, over 100 teachers graduating from Peking University and Tsinghua University, and over 30 teachers graduating from top oversea universities like Harvard University, University of Oxford, and University of Cambridge. Meanwhile, there are more than 40 professors, senior teachers, special-grade teachers (expert teachers), coaches of gold medalists and prize-winning head teachers working in SMS. Through unremitting efforts in recent years, SMS now stands in the front rank of domestic high schools, with a world-class teaching team consisting of both experienced teachers with outstanding teaching performance and young scholars with excellent academic performance.With the persistent efforts of generations in SMS, our school has achieved remarkable achievements:We Reach the Top in GaokaoFrom 2010 to 2020, 314 students were admitted to Tsinghua University and Peking University, ranking first in Guangdong Province. In 2020, 112 students were admitted into the top 100 Chinese universities (according to the QS World University Rankings), including 32 to Peking University and Tsinghua University, ranking first in Guangdong Province again.We Have Seen Extraordinary Success in Discipline CompetitionOur students have won 14 International Olympiad gold medals, three of which were awarded in 2018, ranking first in China. In 2019, our students won 14 national gold medals in Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology and Informatics, seven of whom were selected to the national training team in 2020, ranking first in Guangdong Province. Meanwhile, 64 students won the National First Prize in Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology Competition in the 2019-2020 Academic Year, ranking first in Guangdong Province again. In 2019, the team of SMS won the gold award in the International Genetically Engineered Machine Competition (iGEM) and Zhu Guanyu won the gold medal in the 32nd International Young Physicists’ Tournament (IYPT). Moreover, Li Haoyuan reached the first place globally in the ATC-Biochemistry of the HOSA 2020 Global Final Elections. In 2020, Huang Feiyang won the gold medal of Yau Shing-tung Middle School Science Award (Chemistry), getting the global championship.We Get Outstanding Admission Results to Oversea UniversitiesFrom 2017 to 2020, 32 students were admitted to Ivy League universities in the USA. A total of 327 students were admitted into top 30 universities (according to the US News Ranking) and 582 were enrolled into top 50 universities, ranking high domestically. In 2018-2020, 63 students were admitted into G5 universities in the UK, among whom 17 were admitted to University of Oxford and Cambridge.We Strive to Develop Arts and Physical EducationOur chorus, dancing, wind band and Chinese folk music groups have earned a high reputation in China. In 2019, Zhang Yuting was the only student in China who was admitted to Peking University for her dancing specialty. Likewise, our football team has won gold and silver medals in plenty of competitions for many times.There will be no end to the development of Shenzhen Middle School. Exploration and innovation are the eternal themes of the development in SMS. At present, our school is trying its best to promote its holistic development, stepping forward to the goal of establishing a top-ranking high school in the world, and is contributing its wisdom and strength to developing the pilot demonstration area of socialism with Chinese characteristics in Shenzhen.The headmaster of SMS, Zhu Huawei, on behalf of all the teaching staff, sincerely invites you to join us. Dr Zhu is the Level II Professor in China and PhD supervisor. He enjoys the State Council Special Allowance for experts. Dr. Zhu is recognized as a National Outstanding Educator, and was the leader and head coach of the Chinese national team in the 50th International Mathematical Olympiad. 01Job vacanciesTeachers: Chinese, Mathematics, English, Physics, Biology, Politics, History and Geography teachers.Coaches: Informatics Olympiad coaches 02Application requirementsYou must be under 45 years old and meet at least one of the following requirements:Excellent teachers from both home and abroad;Full-time PhDs. from domestic and oversea universities.03Pay and benefitsShenzhen Middle School offers competitive salaries and bonus, and provides a platform for you to show your talents and realize your educational ideals.If you meet the requirements of Shenzhen’s policies on teacher selection and transfer, you need to pass the school’s assessment and wait for the education bureau’s approval before going through the procedures for selection and transfer.04RegistrationLog in to Shenzhen Middle School Recruitment Management System to register: http://recruit.shenzhong.net05Contact informationContact person: Mrs. LiTel: 0755-29391989Email: [email protected]推荐阅读• 朱华伟：办一所具有世界影响力的中学• 使命与辉煌 | 深圳中学华丽蜕变，七秩学府再出发！• 全省第一！32名深中学子被北大、清华录取• 2021，惟精惟一！深圳中学2021届高三学子整装待发，正式起航！• 魅力深中“拍了拍”你……• 选择深中的理由 | 教师篇• 选择深中的理由 | 学生篇• 选择深中的理由 | 家长篇• 选择深中的理由 | 惊起“哇”声一片，这样的校园，你pick吗？• 选择深中的理由 | 史上唯一荣获深圳市市长质量奖特别贡献奖的学校• 选择深中的理由 | 社团江湖，风云再起！“深”爱英才，“中”意于你！深圳中学公众号 : szzxgfwx官网：www.shenzhong.net▇ 扫码关注我们