梅沙书院全球招募学术院长及优秀教师 深圳中学 “未来不是我们要去的地方，而是需要我们创造的地方。”欢迎订阅我们！请直接点击标题下方的“深圳中学”添加关注。Vanke Meisha Academy Recruiting Worldwideforeign school academic leaderVanke Meisha Academy in Shenzhen is recruiting a foreign school academic leader and excellent teachers from around the globe.Shenzhen is a young and vigorous Chinese city. With sunshine and beaches, openness, equality, competitive remuneration and freedom and we welcome you to our educational platform.Qualifications for The foreign school academic leader of Vanke Meisha Academy1.Honest, strict and upright personality. 2. International perspective and recognition of multicultural ideas with great respect forChinese culture. 3. Clear objectives for education and a focus on creating a first-class school. 4. Value the effort and inputs of teachers.5. Ability to organize a plan for developing the school.6. Strong interpersonal, leadership and communication skills for building a multicultural teaching team. 7. Innovative ideas and openness to learning; capable of accepting and leading educational research and development.Requirements: 1. 5+ years of experience as an academic leader; education management masters degree or equivalent required, doctorate preferred2. Excellent physical health3. Deep knowledge of international curricular systems, particularly the IB; 5+ years of experience as a course manager or counselor in an international high school; familiarity with the application for school qualification to the IB course system.4. Expert in school management, including but not limited to:a). Course research and planningb). Teaching management and assessmentc). Student learning assessmentd). Teacher professional developmente). Student academic developmentWe provide:Salary of 200,000 US dollars/yearApartmentSocial insurance and medical careChinese official holidaysReturn flight to homeland once a yearAlso needed:4 English teachers1 AP teacher each of math, economics, history, psychology, physics, chemistry ，computer science, civilization ,art history and drama.1 University Guidance CounselorMore recruitment information can be obtained through school's website:vma.vanke.comContact usSend your CV to [email protected]We will arrange the time and method of the interviewContact number: 86-0755-66618500About Vanke Meisha Academy in ShenzhenVanke Meisha Academy in Shenzhen is an international school collaboration between Vanke，the largest property developer in the world and one of the top 10 high schools in China.Our motto is“A Successful Future through Creation”with the objective of cultivating world citizens and leaders with a Chinese spirit.The campus is located at Dameisha Beach Park on 180,000 square metersThere will be 25 students in each class for a total of 1050 in grades 10 to 12.The academy is equipped with more than 50 classrooms and functional spaces, as well as sports facilities, such as a football field, basketball court, beach volleyball court, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, rock climbing facility, jogging track, sail boat training base, and more.万科梅沙书院全球招募外籍学术院长及优秀教师学术院长招聘要求：为人正直，真诚，严谨。具有国际视野，认同多元文化，理解并尊重中国文化。具有教育理想，对于创办世界一流学校的目标充满认同。认同万科梅沙书院的办学理念，并能在各个层面贯彻执行。具有严谨的治学态度，能为书院的学术发展制定战略、规划和实施方案。具有出色的领导力和沟通能力，能汇集、培养一支世界水准的多文化背景的教师团队。具有创新意识和学习能力，可以迅速接受并引领教育教学研究与创新。学术院长具体要求：担任学术校长职位五年以上，教育管理硕士，博士优先。熟悉目前世界上的主要国际课程体系，尤其是IB课程体系，并在开设IB课程的高中担任5年以上的课程管理员（协调员）。身体健康熟悉学校管理，包括但不限于课程研究与建设教学管理与评估学生学习与评价教师专业发展学生学术发展我们还期待：4名英语外籍教师AP教师：数学、经济学、历史、心理学、物理学、化学、计算机科学、西方文明、艺术史、戏剧1名升学指导具体要求请登录万科梅沙书院官网：vma.vanke.com万万科梅沙书院，一直对卓越的您，张开双臂！期待和您一起用我们的专业，引领和帮助每一位有梦想的孩子。