【公告】深圳市万科梅沙书院全球招募优秀教师 深圳中学 “未来不是我们要去的地方，而是需要我们创造的地方。”欢迎订阅我们！请直接点击标题下方的“深圳中学”添加关注。Recruiting Season Comes again!Meisha Academy calls for your joining in！Global recruitment of excellent teachers for Vanke Meisha Academy We pass on the spirit of Shenzhen Middle School, believing that"Successful Future through Creation! "We integrate the national courses with the American AP courses and international IB courses. Vanke Meisha Academy is devoted to cultivate international citizens and leaders with Chinese identity .It is futureand world orientation.The great cause needs your help. We are waiting for you at the starting point. You are expected to be a person of integrity, sincerity and seriousness; having international vision and appreciating multi-culturalism and having a good understanding and respect for Chinese culture; having an education ideal and identifying with the objective of building a first- classschool in the world; acknowledging the concept of school running in Vanke Meisha Academy and implementing it on all levels.Basic requirements:1. Teachers certificates;2. overseas education background or international school teaching experiences;3. English is proficient and can be the working language；4. capable of doing professional research with the aid of computer；5. except the in-class workload, capable of acting as the mentor orthe instruction teacher of the interest clubs.Description in details1.English TeachersTeachers( Native speakers ). Vacancy: 5.The courses are honorary English, public speech, English seminar.The candidate should have the teacher's certificate and 3 years'related work experience.2.AP teachersThe courses are calculus, statistics, micro economy, American History, world History, Psychology, physics, chemistry, computer science, artshistory, drama, drawing 2D.Requirements:Native speakers should have teachers' certificates and other related major certificates, and 3 years' of teaching work experience in relateddisciplines. Chinese teachers should have overseas education background or have3 year' teaching work experience in international courses.3. Subject teachers(1.) TOEFL and SAT tutoring teacher（Vacancy: 2）. The candidate should be Chinese. The candidates should have rich experience in the standardized tests, and are capable of providing effective guidance and help for the students in Meisha Academy.(2.) Chinese teacher. The subject teacher leader of Chinese.Nationality: Chinese. The candidates should have IB Chinese course teaching experience, and familiar with the evaluation method on Chinese study, is capable of formulating the development planning of the discipline and organizing the teachers to make design the course content, carry out the courseand make the evaluation scheme, and evaluating the performance of the teachers.(3.) Mathematics teacher. The subject teacher of mathematics. Nationality is not limited. The candidate should have teaching experience in AP and IB mathematics, familiar with the evaluation method of mathematic study, is capable of formulating the development planning of the discipline and organizing the teachers to make design the course content, carryout the course and make the evaluation scheme, and evaluating the performance of the teachers.(4) physics teacher, geography teacher, biology teacher, chemistry teacher. Nationality is not limited. The candidates should have excellent academic accomplishment and eager to explore towards IB courses.4. CounselorOne native speaker teacher vacancy and one Chinese teacher .The candidate should be familiar with the application for North American Universities andU.K.universities, and have at least 2 years' of work experience in American senior schools with good reputation.Vanke Meisha Academy is located inthe east side of Vanke Center, Huanmei Road 33, Dameisha, Yantian District,Shenzhen, with building area of 180, 000 square meters, which is an international school sponsored by the Vanke Education Development Fund and the running of the school is entrusted to Shenzhen Middle School. Meisha academy has the total academic structure of 3 years; and the Academy enrolls outstanding junior high school graduates across the City and will issue seniorhigh school graduation certificates to the graduates.Vanke Meisha Academy is devoted to cultivate international citizens and leaders with Chinese identity .In a bid to meet the target, Vanke Meisha Academy shapes the course frame with international diploma IB courses, while it integrates human arts and technologic disciplines, respects students' interestin different courses, combines the knowledge cultivation and capability nurturing. The course content include these national course with vivid Chinese traditional culture and those American senor school courses which are individualized and inclusive. Meisha Academy creatively fuses three profound education essence into the unique Meisha international curriculum, that will promote the overall development, personal improvement andexcellent breakthrough of the students.There are about 60 classroom in Vanke Meisha Academy. Vanke Meisha Academy adopts the small-sizeclass mode. There are about 25 students in one class. The academy can provide 1050 students status.There are standardized tracks,football field, 3 basketball courts, beach volleyball courts, outdoors swimming pool, climbing-rock wall, jogging tracks, sailing training and other sports facilities in Vanke Meisha Academy.Contact tele.：（0086）755 66618500Fax：（0086）755 66618506Email: [email protected] 招聘季又来了，万科梅沙书院等你加盟！万科梅沙书院全球招募优秀教师 我们传承深中精神，坚信“创造成就未来！”我们融合国家课程、美国AP课程、国际IB课程。万科梅沙书院致力于培养具有中国精神的国际公民和领袖人才。面向未来、面向世界，这份事业需要你的力量，我们在出发的地方等你。 我们希望你为人正直，真诚，严谨；具有国际视野，认同多元文化，理解并尊重中国文化；具有教育理想，对于创办世界一流学校的目标充满认同； 认同万科梅沙书院的办学理念，并能在各个层面贯彻执行。一、基本要求：1、具备教师职业资格证书；2、具备海外教育背景或者国际学校教学经历；3、能熟练使用英文作为工作语言；4、能熟练使用计算机做专业工作；5、课堂教学外，需承担导师或者社团指导教师工作。二、具体说明（一）、英文教师：外籍教师，5名，开设荣誉英语、公共演讲、英文研讨课；具有教师资格证，及3年以上相关工作经验。（二）、AP教师：微积分、统计、微观经济学、美国历史、世界史、心理学、物理、化学、计算机科学、艺术史、戏剧、绘画2D要求：外籍教师需具有教师资格证书等相关专业证明，并具有3年相关学科教学工作经验；中国籍教师需具有海外教育背景或者具有3年以上国际课程教学经验。（三）、学科教师：1.TOEFL及SAT辅导教师：中国籍教师2名，具有丰富的标准化考试辅导经验，能为书院学生提供有效的指引和帮助。2.中文教师：中文学科组长，中国籍，具有IB中文课程教学经验，熟悉国际中文学习评价方法，制定学科发展规划、组织科组教师进行课程内容、课程实施、评价方案的制定，评估组内教师表现。3.数学教师：数学学科组长，不限国籍，具有AP、IB数学课程教学经验，熟悉国际数学学习评价方法，制定学科发展规划、组织科组教师进行课程内容、课程实施、评价方案的制定，评估组内教师表现。4、物理教师、地理教师、生物教师、化学教师：不限国籍，具备优秀的学科素养，希望在IB课程方面有所发展。（四）、升学指导：外籍教师1名，中国籍教师1名。熟悉北美及英国大学申请，具有2年以上在具有良好声誉的美国高中工作的经验。万科梅沙书院位于深圳市盐田区大梅沙环梅路33号万科中心东侧，建筑面积约1.8万平方米，是由万科教育发展基金会举办的国际化学校，委托深圳中学办学。学制三年，面向优秀的初中毕业生招生。万科梅沙书院的办学目标是培养具有中国精神的世界公民与领袖人才。为实现这一目标，万科梅沙书院课程以国际文凭IB课程结构为框架，文理兼顾、选课尊重差异、融合知识传授与能力培养；以扎实且具有民族文化的国家课程、博雅且个性化的美国高中课程为内容。学校将三种丰富而深厚的教育精髓创新地融合形成万科梅沙独特的国际化校本课程。促进学生的全面发展、个性发展和卓越发展。万科梅沙书院 有近60间专业教室。万科梅沙书院采用国际化的小班教学，每班学生25名左右，预计可提供1050个学位。万科梅沙书院运动场所包含标准跑道、足球场、标准篮球场3个、沙滩排球、室内外游泳池、攀岩壁，慢跑径，帆艇训练等运动设施。联系电话：（0086）755 66618500传真：（0086）755 66618506Email: [email protected]